# Wall_e_le_h_fip
We created the website for this project to resemble a brand  and marketing campaign to relaunch your product to the world. Use creative writing and editing to provide a coherent brand strategy for your redesign.
The development and delivery of the rebrand will be the result of the creative output generated by
you / your group for this assignment.

## Installation
We searched many websites to have ideas for this project, from interest and other svgs websites. Then we organized what we want to put by drawing in our sketchbook to imagine how it looks. After that, we use Illustrator to make buttons, icons and make it looks like a real website but in 2D. Finally, we created folders and pushed them on GitHub.
## Usage
The icons will change when you hover them, you can drag and drop the icons so they can play music and our website has buttons to stop or play the music.  
## Contributing
1. We created my repo for this assignment
2. Then we created our feature branches: `des.layout` and `des.grid`
3. We commited my changes: `everytime we change something in our files`
4. Each of us pushed to the branch: `push to my main branch`
5. After all, we submit a pull request <3
## History
At first, we discussed what we want it to look like, then we consulted the web to look for samples and sketch what we wanted to put in the website. Next, we used Illustrator to replicate the design as the same as in the sketch and change it to make sure it work out, then we coded it out and finally put it on Git Hub.
## Credits
All designs made by Ha Anh Le and Johnathan Yabes
## License
Copyright © 2023 <Ha Anh and Ethan Wall>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.